1. The technique they used in the paper is the random forest modelling approach. It's a type of ensemble machine learning technique 
and it works by taking weak learner decision trees and combining them into strong learner trees. A decision tree is made up of "branches"
that contain a response to some kind of data which all the possibilities would then make up the tree. 
   
2. A machine learning algorithm is an algorithm that has the ability to identify patterns and as the name implies, "learn" from data to 
   form results without any external guidance. When compared to traditional statistical approaches, machine learning is able to change 
   and adapt when analyzing data of all sorts as opposed to having a single purpose as statistical approaches would. They also are 
   able to serve multiple purposes, as random forest for example is able to be used with data for the purposes of regression or 
   classification, while classical approaches would be limited in their functions. 
   
3. The authors/researchers used various geospatial covariates, with some being land cover, elevation, night-time lights, bodies of water,
   etc. Covariates are initially buffered to 100m x 100m resolution before being combined for use in modelling. Based on the type of class
   data, covariates would make up a decent amount of the dataset especially for one that represented continuous and varying data. This 
   would all be considered as big data and would be important in the estimation of machine learning methods as all of this data must
   be taken into consideration and processed in order to properly predict things like population densities and drivers.
   
4. Knowing the exact location of a person at a given place and time provides information as to why they are living there and what push/
   pulled them to that location. Knowing this information gives correlation to certain aspects of an area and likeliness of a person living
   there and therefore may present a new scope of prediction to be made regarding population distribution. In terms of human developement, 
   this would provide new and potentially crucial information of areas that follow specific pattern and that need assistance in some sort 
   of way.
   
5. In terms of my area of investigation, Bhutan, one of the problems it is facing is a problem regarding their economy due to how it relies
   on factors like tourism for income. Based on the countries policies and how it isn't exactly very open to the world, knowing household
   and person locations would improve things like infrastructure improvements to accomadate for changes if Bhutan were to open up to the 
   world due to their economic options being limited. In this sense, it would be beneficial to have this specific data in order to plan out
   where things like roads or airways would be best placed in order to accomadate to the modern nature of the world as it is now. 
